Document GHC-11861 (#88)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-11861/index.md

---
title: Empty single quotes 
summary: No character literal provided within single quotes
severity: error
introduced: 9.6.1
---

> Single quotes are used for character and literals including "new line" (\n), "carriage return" (\r), "horizontal tab" (\t), and "vertical tab" (\v). Check list of literals in [documentation](https://www.haskell.org/onlinereport/lexemes.html): 2.6  Character and String Literals. Character literals cannot be empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single quotes are used for character and literals including "new line" (\n), "carriage return" (\r), "horizontal tab" (\t), and "vertical tab" (\v). The complete list of character escapes is described in [the Haskell Report](https://www.haskell.org/onlinereport/lexemes.html) section 2.6, Character and String Literals. Character literals cannot be empty.
```

> Another usage of single quotes is in TemplateHaskell, please check [documentation](https://ghc.gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/doc/users_guide/exts/template_haskell.html#syntax).

Reviewer: I think we should link to released version documentation here (https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/html/users_guide/) because most people aren't using development versions of GHC.

Author: kk, updated

> Another usage of single quotes is in TemplateHaskell, please check [GHC documentation](https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/html/users_guide/exts/template_haskell.html#syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another usage of single quotes is in TemplateHaskell, please refer to the [GHC documentation](https://downloads.haskell.org/ghc/latest/docs/html/users_guide/exts/template_haskell.html#syntax) for details.
```
